[Song]
Before the
Sangha, following the smallest figure, or
whoever in
life becomes a piece of music,
[Song]
like the sound of Kosara.   A
person without love and touch
Leave the draft to the north, cross Laos, Thai kingdom to the very end
[Song]
Worry about whom first, leave to build the masses,
end of the month
[Song]
With Thailand trembling, skilled, victory [Song] [Song]
Chumphon
[Song]
Chumphon wasteful, chase away,
Thechi
[Song]
Ping, it's like a young tiger, a star goalscorer, splashing black.
Those who walk one step forward in life
[Song]
Chumphon, the city of
Chumphon,
another place before the end of this world,
small
[Applause]
[Song]